[Music]
seven effective ways to get rid of
insects at home who doesn't want to keep
their house free of pests unfortunately
the chemical pesticides sold in stores
are way too toxic and harmful to be used
anywhere near your home family or pets
if these chemicals can kill insects
surely they cannot be good for you
that's why it's better to use something
natural and safe whenever possible
luckily there are effective and harmless
methods of getting rid of any insects
that have taken up residence in your
home but before you learn more about
them remember to click the subscription
button and turn on notifications this
way you'll always be the first to find
out about daily updates on the bright
side of life
number one cockroaches cockroaches
aren't simply disgusting creatures that
you terrified the spot in your house
they can also spread very serious
diseases cockroaches don't feel
squeamish about eating any sort of food
and that includes rotting garbage as a
result if these insects appear in your
home they can bring in Salmonella or
gastroenteritis on top of that
cockroaches are often the cause of an
allergy if you want to get rid of these
pests there are many products you can
get from the store but most of them are
usually highly toxic this can be
especially dangerous if you have small
kids or pets instead you can try the
following method which is cheap safe and
effective chop one onion and add one
teaspoon of baking soda put this mixture
in the corners of your house reapply
daily and very soon you'll find your
house free of roaches number two ticks
ticks can be astoundingly different in
size and color
it's crucial to protect yourself your
family and your pets from these little
nasties these tiny creatures can spread
terrible diseases such as Lyme disease
Rocky Mountain spotted fever colorado
tick fever airlock iOS's and tularemia
some of these conditions can be fatal
if you're not keen on applying chemical
pesticides to your skin or your animals
fur you can try some natural and safe
mixtures take repellent for humans all
you need to do is mix 20 drops of rose
geranium essential oil 10 drops of sweet
grass essential oil 5 drops of lavender
essential oil 5 drops of citronella or
lemon essential oil and one tablespoon
of rubbing alcohol dilute this mixture
with a hundred millilitres of vinegar or
water and transfer it into a spray
bottle shake well and spray on your
clothes before going outside take
repellent for dogs dogs seem to be easy
prey and are often targeted by ticks
therefore it's better to check your
furry friend every time you come back
from a walk in the park even so there's
a way to lower the chances of your pet
being bitten to prepare an effective
repellent for dogs mix 20 drops of rose
geranium and pennyroyal essential oil
with 2 tablespoons of almond oil place a
few drops of this mixture on your dog or
on its collar before you go outside be
careful and remember do not use it on
cats or pregnant animals number 3 garden
pests aphids spider mites and other
garden pests can do a great deal of
damage to your garden all your effort
and hard work can be ruined in the blink
of an eye
certainly there are many pesticides
available nowadays but if you use them
it can render your fruits and vegetables
inedible try this harmless and natural
solution mix 1/2 a cup of hot peppers
with a half a cup of garlic or onion
blend it until it turns into a paste mix
this paste with 2 cups of warm water let
it sit for 24 hours in a warm place and
then strain it spray your plants with
this liquid another way to get rid of
garden pests is to create a special
repellent with the use of tobacco this
product is especially effective if you
need to scare away worms aphids and
caterpillars take 1 cup of loose tobacco
and mix it with one gallon of water
place a container of this mixture in a
warm place and leave it
24 hours the color of the resulting
liquid should resemble like tea if it
looks darker add some water if it's too
light let it rest for several additional
hours add some liquid dish soap to the
mixture and stir for a couple of minutes
three tablespoons will be enough put
this DIY pesticide into a big spray
bottle and disperse it over the infested
plants warning don't use this natural
pesticides on tomatoes eggplants or
peppers number four spiders even if you
don't have any poisonous spiders in your
area you'll most likely still appreciate
knowing for sure that they can't come
into your house if they do find their
way inside baking it absolutely
everywhere and even the smallest ones
are really scary this natural repellent
won't kill spiders but it will keep them
away because they don't like strong
smells add 5 to 10 drops of peppermint
oil into a mix of 1 cup of water and 1/4
teaspoon of liquid detergent shake this
mixture well and spray the affected
areas once a week until all the spiders
run away the peppermint oil can be
substituted with eucalyptus citronella
lavender or tea tree oil
number five ants
ants can be very annoying they suddenly
appear from nowhere often sneaking into
your kitchen or pantry if ants are
making their way into your home there's
a method to make it less attractive for
them apparently and absolutely hate the
smell of cinnamon that's why you should
put cinnamon powder in places where you
think the ants are entering for more
effective results you can add some
essential oil to the cinnamon powder as
a side effect you'll get a very nice
earthy smell in your house if it's you
that doesn't like the smell of cinnamon
try white vinegar instead it has such a
strong odor that ants try to avoid it
just pour some vinegar into a spray
bottle and use it around the area where
ants enter your home number 6 dust mites
these things are so tiny that you can't
even see them with the naked eye but
unfortunately if you don't see them it
doesn't mean they're not around they
live in household dust prefer warmer
places and their favorite food is skin
flakes so guess where they are likely to
be that's right on your bed you although
dust mites don't bite many specialists
believe that they can cause bad allergic
reactions and skin irritations even if
you are not allergic to them you
probably don't want to share your house
with these little bugs right mix 6
teaspoons of eucalyptus oil with one and
a half teaspoon of liquid laundry
detergent in a bucket of water soap
washable items for an hour or so and
then wash them as normal you can also
add about 30 drops of eucalyptus oil to
your washing machine for anything you
can't put in a washing machine use a
special spray fill a spray bottle with
water and add about 30 drops of
eucalyptus oil shake well and spray it
around your home don't forget about your
bed pillows furniture carpets and so on
if you use this brave for your furniture
remember to wipe it off with a clean
cloth afterward if you don't like the
smell of eucalyptus oil you can
substitute it with tea tree oil which is
just as effective
[Music]
number seven weevils
if you leave flour cereal or rice
unsealed in the pantry you might end up
with these unwanted bugs in your food
weevils prefer grains and seeds but can
also appear in flour or even pancake mix
the larvae of these bugs live and
develop inside your food supplies and
you don't even suspect anything until
one month after their birth when they
suddenly appear in your food how can you
prevent this nightmare from happening
nobody wants chemical pesticides
anywhere near their food luckily there's
a trick that can be a good alternative
solution
it seems that weevils really don't like
the smell of bay leaves or cloves drop a
clove or bay leaf on top of your food
and around the containers to keep them
away from your pantry which of these
tricks did you find the most useful
maybe you have your own bug repelling
secrets share your experience in the
comments below
press the like button if this video was
useful and remember to subscribe and
join us on the bright side of life
[Music]